Update submit-spam-non-spam-and-phishing-scam-messages-to-microsoft-f… (#3773)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/submit-spam-non-spam-and-phishing-scam-messages-to-microsoft-for-analysis.md

> [!TIP]
> Admins have several different ways to allow specific messages to skip spam filtering. For details, see [Create safe sender lists in EOP](create-safe-sender-lists-in-office-365.md).

## Where is the data from submissions to Microsoft stored?

> The data resides in the Office 365 compliance boundary in North America datacenters and are reviewed by analysts on the engineering team to improve the effectiveness of the filters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The data resides in the Office 365 compliance boundary in North American data centers and are reviewed by analysts on the engineering team to improve the effectiveness of the filters.
```
